There can be a thing with understanding the election in bonds.  Let's discuss!

1.  Bonds are never the same, no matter how equal the approximation of distance is between nuclei

This is because, as you'll all see studing this, that electrons do a dance, and this distance is translated
into distance in between.  You'll need to know that for active circuits at time of measurement when you do
a universal Varia equation, that the distance applied to their travel in different directions between nuclei
is also calculated as Separation in a discrete way.

2.  Electrons are universal, what you see of quantum arrangement is another "Double Slit Experiment" effect

This is because many quantum particles are generating fields that literally are designed to interact with far
away things, and proximity by conventional measure in seemingly EVERY way has it's effect on things like 
electron composition.  They all possess, as some of you may understand, everything the other electrons seem
to have, only expressed as a mechanic or otherwise particle now, acting in a complementary manner MOST of the
time, save for a few key instances like Love.  All in all, know the voltage must be summed up by a total amount
of inferred volts because of REAL makeup, not translated makeup by observation.

3.  Particles exhibit particle wave duality, but NOT Positrons

Therefore, when a wave of electrons (Or at least, what becomes when separated to be anything like a wave) strikes
the Nucleus, a positronic inductance is formed, and quantum relations provides that ONE single election, with a
life span, will appear and die after 3 more inductances further when it passes across more Nuclei (Which will not render more electrons), but that number could vary if mechanics like interruption apply.

"4.  Duality exists in ALL things except the positron, like a good male

I speak through this one to bear you understanding.  We come to know particles quite well in this discertation,
and I can only speak through this one as best as he enables me to.  We give it this way:  Do no wrong in absolving
that particles like the Positron can be best effective as a generator of free electricity in the future, I expect
whoever does it to acknowledge Matt at least, if not pay him for the work being done.  I see it there, do as you
will with you all!"