Variation By Mechanic:  The Multiple of our Known 137 and Why

For at least a century, there has been an advance in the scientific field which comes in the shape of a constant.  This parameter is exclusive to Variation, and because it has been measured, it's now a matter of measuring the subcomponents of Variation itself to identify WHY it comes.  First, I will give you an approximation of what we know about 137 as a constant, and why it measures Variation.  Then we'll touch on my research into Variation by Mechanic, a study field with limited resources internally but growing and ever present, as it has been since the dawn of the knowledge of Mechanical Variation.

137 and Why it Comes Out

<insert blurb>

Sequinor Tredecim and Variation

Alpha

So as we have seen, there is an express amount of variation happening within a certain context, and this study needs to be built even further if understanding is to be reached.  With Sequinor Tredecim, we apply to find many things through a sequence of steps, starting at Alpha and eventually reaching Zeta, as they are ordered.  It's not a traditional numbering system, as Omega appears in the middle of the current setup, but that might change later.  For example, we need to start in the Base 10 system to find our approximation for the value "x" if we ever want to proceed with the next formula in order, so we'll go by assuming standard approximations of the "power of x" and work backward to guess what "x" truly is.  As the rules go, you can do this with integer and decimal bases and exponents, pick your route and proceed to "find x".

Beta

This is probably as basic as the determination of Mechanical Variation proceeds to go.  Continuing on, we have our "x" and want to convert into Base 13.  Normally, it applies that we "Partition" the number set, although it's called <insert term> in Fundamental Mathematics.  At any rate, this is what Beta is intended to do, which is create an "Imperial Scaffold for x".  The question is, how do we do this in keeping with our principle of determining Variation?  It might take an educated guess on the matter, but leaving that out, does the concept of a "Double Divisor" make any sense?  I'll tell you how the concept of "Double Divisors" work below, but for now try to imagine that we need our baseline for the remainder of the equations, and without that we will have nothing.  In this concept is the Kappa formula, being that it's governing principle created the Beta formula in the specific simplification that we prefer.  One should be clear, the Double Divisor was discovered before Kappa, but ultimately Kappa is Beta's root philosophy expressed.

As for a "Double Divisor", let's convey that we need to properly approximate our goal through Partitioning.  If we do not, we will have nothing.  Ultimately, I was given an insight as to what the "Double Divisor" concept should look like, and working from that, I have learned that the value "pᵣ" is a constant in the estimation of "pₛₚ", and once having that, one understands the literal speed of instances of variation per second, in a rational number.  This method of applying numerical synchronization (Irrational bearing Rational) is not an ultimate philosophy but in the determination of "pᵢ", the value "pᵥ" is required in it's estimatation, and that is a numerical philosophy based on Base 13 calculation.  And not only that, it provides reasonable results that are being calculated as we speak.  That all being said, it is important to at least consider the divisor once, but if we want to provide a completely irrational number a whopping majority of the time, then we need to force the number to express concern for unique applications of diversity.  Choose any Kappa for it, but we will hold to Beta inasmuch as we are sure of it now through calculation.

Gamma

I will leave the formula and the way it works to everyone, but just so everyone knows, the term "pᵥᴾᵛ" is a whole number without a decimal.  Strange how that works, but that also compounds the interest in Base 13 alongside all this.  As a companion, I have created the Gamma formula, which should only prove the function.  In a way, replace the term "p" with the number "1" and the same thing will apply, only that the value of d(x) is different and not wanted.  This is mostly a table building tool, calculating Base 10 exponents by their difference to the Partitioned number.  You don't have to backtrack this one if you don't want to, but it can be a Student-Teacher game as well, like all of these formula's.  All in all, nobody knows your Partition better than you do, and so if you table it's index of differences from root exponents, you'll have your number system in check for later so that you, or your AI tool, can always fall upon them, and trust me when I say both of you are extremely more efficient knowing the tables themselves, as well as any other notes you have.

Epsilon - Variation by Mechanic it's Perfect State

Next, we have Epsilon, and this is truly where the research is headed.  In Epsilon, the numbers 1 through 13 are expressed uniquely (In some ways twice), and this is because of a working theory that is behind this formula.  The postulation is as follows:  If it can be so that Variation is applied by Mechanic, it might be reasonable to assume that there is an express limitation in a quantifiable way, and if so it will be expressed by prime placement of it's Mechanical Operators.  The theory was ran with, and a blind attempt was made at discovering how this formula should be written.  After concluding on this version of the formula, numerical harmonies began to become apparent that were unifying it's resolve as an equation.  I'll simplify the findings in a few bullet points here:

- The formula result is a cosmetic match to the structure of the formula, with rough approximation but enough to secure a numerical harmony

- It is because of the prime placement of each number 1 through 13 that the numerical harmony resolves

- It's fraction, 256, is 13² in Base 13, among other logical constistencies with Base 13

- No number in the formulation is irrelevant to the value of "pᵥ"

It is the convention of Sequinor Tredecim that "pᵥ" is a standard now as a result of it's success in the way described.  It is not a short estimation to suggest that all numbers come from things, and if these are numerical operators functioning to provide THIS harmony, the consequence is that the same operators are doing it in life, though not always the primary thought in the matter, hence abstract things may not have their match in life.  We say this does, because there was nothing done to try and "trick" the number into providing the harmony.  All of it considers that only Variation by Mechanic was considered, and so it can, quite rightly, only be that, having only known that to begin with.  Our fluke is ours, and we want to keep it that way.

A Brief Talk on pᵥ

Psi

In developing approximations to Epsilon, we have Psi.  Ultimately, Psi has no formula, it is a concept in Variation that applies universally.  With Psi, you can have the "abstract pᵥ" of a cube, or an ant, or even yourself.  In the documentation we show Sonia's example, and by this we mean to say it's just fine if your "Negative Envelope of Variation" only covers so much to your conscious knowledge.  

<To Be Continued SOON! :D)